Miss, the master urges you to go back as soon as possible
Got it.
Come on.
Gu family boy
I officially apologize to you for what happened last time.
Are you willing to marry Qingyao?
I am very happy.
Mr. Lin is out of prison
Although the Lin family is not as good as the Du family
But it is also a wealthy family in Jiang Province
I think there are quite a few people who should be in line
I want to marry Miss Lin
You still have some eyesight.
Yes!
In the past two years, I have helped Qingyao choose a husband
But I worried about a head of white hair
Haha, the courage of your grandfather Du family boy
I have to admire the old man
I see
Is it not just my performance that Mr. Lin likes?
You are a marginal figure in the Du family
Du Feiyun will be supported to inherit the family business
And you
It is destined to become a stumbling block for Du Feiyun to reach the top
How do you know these things, Mr. Lin?
I still heard some information about the Berlin family
One thing I'm curious about
500 million signed a live streaming host.
See through the violence of talented and beautiful people
How do you know these things?